PRESS RELEASE

For immediate release

As of March 6, 2025

 

Media Contact: Azaleta Ishmael-Newry

242-557-0981/azaleta@azaletaandco.com

 

KemisDigital Revolutionizes Digital Marketing for Bahamian SBs & SMEs

 

Nassau, Bahamas -- Thanks to KemisDigital, small businesses (SBs), including small and medium enterprises (SMEs), can stay connected to their customers and be ahead in the marketplace with the array of transformational digital services. 

 

Kenneth Moncur calls The Bahamas home, where he started his agency journey twenty years ago, as Kemis.net. His focus has been on Bahamian businesses. Since then, he has kept pace with the ever-changing technology and expanded his services, which today involve artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance marketing strategy and execution, including seamless automation. 

 

"We've launched KemisDigital.com for our KemisDigital AI marketing firm that is focused on increasing digital sales, geared towards the tourism and NGO sectors and releasing the KemisEMAIL online store at kemis.net," said Moncur. 

 

KemisDigital offers progressive digital marketing strategies, digital sales and web/software development services. Their customer retention is commendable, and they are proud of their track record that include more than double ROI analytics results. Their KemisEmail program has grown significantly in 20 years and continues to be an avenue to promote deals, offers, or announcements. Curated lists reach the chosen target audiences.

 

"We've created options to help business owners work at their pace and budget, as well as automation like email marketing, social media, and customer support. Additionally, we're proud of hyper-personalisation like tailored marketing campaigns for deeper customer engagement and increasing ROI and online engagement." 

 

Scharad M Lightbourne, an award-winning portrait and lifestyle photographer, returned to KemisDigital for his seasonal professional headshots campaign, this time receiving superior results. "I've done these events with Kemis before, and he developed some amazing strategies and creative marketing ideas. He helped push this event to the point where we literally sold out in a week," stated Lightbourne. 

 

KemisDigital set up the photographer's landing page, used AI to enhance marketing strategy and execution, and facilitated all automation, such as a booking calendar, response emails, and the payment platform. The tools also gathered data and customer analytics and shared ROI (return on investment) information for the client. 

 

The digital agency is currently running a landing page special, which you can learn more about at www.lightning.kemisdigital.com.  The founder is passionate about sharing knowledge through "The Bahamas Digital Marketing Association," a platform geared towards digitisation in the local SBs, SMEs and NGO sectors. Joining the KemisDigital Labs community via Facebook connects and empowers local entrepreneurs and professionals to become more involved with breakthroughs and opportunities to grow and improve their businesses. Lastly, their email platform has rebranded to "KemisEMAIL," which the founder states is a game changer. It allows small Bahamian business owners to regain online marketing control with an affordable solution.

Kemis Group of Companies is more than a marketing corporation - its companies support moving forward with innovation, community engagement, and digitalisation for Bahamian businesses.  Registered in The Bahamas, USA, and Europe, they offer e-commerce solutions like Stripe payment and automated marketing that help keep their clients on the cutting edge of technology and ease of doing business with customers. They can process credit cards for small Bahamian companies and professionals via Stripe.